[Applause]
[Music]
hey everyone welcome back to the channel
in the previous video i explained what
was supposed to happen in justice league
two and three and today's video is my
explanation as to why those storyboards
are being used in the dceu right now
so if you haven't watched my previous
video make sure to check that one out
before watching this as this video will
make much more sense if you know what
was going to happen in justice league
two and three now on with the video
so in justice league two aquaman's story
was to bring all seven kingdoms together
but struggling to unite with the kingdom
of the unseen
aquaman's two title is aquaman and the
lost kingdom
this title does seem very similar to
aquaman's story for justice league two
at least it's hinting at it not only
this but alm and black manta are a part
of the story too both trying to kill
aquaman
now that sounds obvious for an aquaman 2
story as they were both villains in the
previous film but stay with me here
in the justice league story they were
both locked in a prison in the desert
and recently a set photo was released
revealing orm's new look for the film
his appearance could be hinting at aum
being sent to prison for trying to wage
war against the surface world now i
don't think they will use snyder's story
word for word but i do think they are
taking some of the best parts from it
and incorporating it into the aquaman
sequel
why is this significant because it could
pave the way for snyder to return to do
his justice league sequels in the near
future
it means the current dc eu films could
be creating a pathway that leads to a
justice league film as we know from
patty jenkins all dc directors have
thrown the theatrical cut of justice
league out the window and have basically
ignored it
how does it connect you know where does
it weave in to the to justice league and
the movies that came before it yeah
knowing what happened on justice league
did you even go back and take a look at
the theatrical cut to see how gal was
handled in that to make this match at
all or do you really just think it's in
universe with yours the justice league
the yeah the one that hit theaters no i
think that all of us dc directors
tossed that out and i may sound overly
optimistic here and most likely
completely wrong but what if the current
dc directors are aware of the warner
brothers discovery merger happening next
year and want to make sure that their
films can set up a justice league sequel
it's most definitely wishful thinking on
my part but something seems to click
there with these upcoming dc films
this isn't just happening with aquaman
either arguably the biggest dc film
coming out next year is the flash which
is also similar to snyder's storyboards
in those storyboards barry allen is
trying to get his father out of prison
and manages to get a court hearing the
behind the scenes images of the flash
set indicate this to be the case too
now i know that is a common thing to
happen in a flash story but bruce wayne
is also there to help
yes it may not be ben affleck's bruce
wayne but it's still a bruce wayne who
is helping him the storyboards state
that it's barry allen iris west cyborg
and some of wayne's best lawyers that
get henry allen out of prison
unfortunately warner brothers took ray
fisher out of the film due to the
conflict they are currently having but
the rest of the characters are still
part of the flash
not only that but in the storyboards the
flash is learning to master his time
travelling abilities we know that this
film ventures into the multiverse which
could be because of the flash making a
mistake when practicing to time travel
this could also mean that when he
finally manages to return to his
universe things could be different like
a black suit superman and a dark side
soon to be invading earth the person who
leaked the new flash suit also mentioned
that ben affleck's batman and henry
cavill's superman were both on the set
at the same time so it could connect the
universe back together it has also been
confirmed that the warner brothers
discovery merger is on track to be
completed in the first half of 2022 with
david zaslav stating that they will be
aligned around what the customers want
this is great news not only does it mean
that the merger will be completed
closely to the release of these dc films
but it also means they will listen to
demand if we show them the demand for
the schneiderverse we will have a real
shot at its restoration and seeing
justice league two and three on the big
screen
i can guarantee you that they are
already looking at customers demand in
preparation of the merger so whenever
you can just tweet out hashtag restore
the snyderverse it may not seem like a
huge impact but it will over time
we need to get another huge trending
event like the one that got over 1.5
million tweets i think we need a
trending event on the day or week that
the merger completes in that way as the
company merges their first action could
be seeing the huge demand for the snyder
verse
i really hope we can make it happen but
we cannot be toxic i can't tell you what
to do but if you want to see the snyder
verse restored you have to play ball
threatening to cancel hbo max
subscriptions and boycotting warner
brothers won't help at all it gives us a
bad reputation for being an entitled
toxic fan base which for the most part
we are not think about it from the
merger's point of view the new ceo will
be david zazlaf who is a part of
discovery
why would he want to give anything to a
fan base that threatens to boycott their
films if they don't get their way
even if he sees what the old executives
did it won't mean he's going to side
with people who want to boycott the
company mark hughes created an article
for forbes that put it best he said
already a big portion of the fanbase who
supported releasing the snydercut has
fumbled things a lot of goodwill was
established and zsjl was released and
there was a moment where the movement
could have shifted into support mode for
hbo max and proven that by giving this
movement what it desires the studio wins
subscribers and supporters who will
cheerlead the rest of the slate
sometimes you have to be a team player
to get more time on the field and this
was an obvious easy call for anyone who
has done this sort of thing before now i
disagree with the first part i don't
think it was a big portion of the
fanbase i think it was a vocal minority
on twitter that seemed like a large
amount of people because a lot of us
just enjoyed the movie wanted to see
more and tweeted hashtag restore the
snyderverse
i do agree with the rest of it though we
can't be making enemies with the only
people that can allow us to see the
snyder verse he then goes on to say like
it or not angry or not these things are
true i can tell you point blank that
some folks at the studio who had come to
support the movement and who expected
continuation of snyder-verse elements
via hbo max have soured on the potential
precisely because of how large a portion
of the fans have reacted in the
aftermath of zsjl's release it doesn't
matter if you agree or not it doesn't
matter what reasons or excuses are
offered the bottom line is you either
want to really help get more content
made or you think expressing anger and
demands is more important and for some
more fun than really getting anything
done at this point
and i have to agree with this point too
it gives the fan base a negative
reputation and alienates anyone who
wants to be a part of it
we have to stay positive i will only
ever promote the snyder verse in a
positive and respectful way and for me
what would be ideal is if when people
tweet out the hashtag maybe put
something with it that just says that
you're not boycotting the company or
unsubscribing from hbo max and that you
just enjoyed the snyder cut and you
would like to see what happens next
it doesn't matter what some executives
did they are not us and we should not
retaliate that gives them the power and
excuse to not restore the snyder verse
i'm also not condoning their actions i'm
just saying that we cannot alienate an
entire company because of a couple of
executives accused actions
by being positive we take away some of
their excuses they can't argue that we
are a toxic fan base who don't deserve
anything in fact by us being a positive
fan base the new ceo of warner brothers
discovery can use that as a reason for
why the snydivers should be restored it
all depends on how we react oh and zack
snyder's justice league is dominating
disk sales right now the article from
media play news states zack snyder's
justice league easily took the top spot
on both the npd video scan first alert
chart which tracks combined dvd and
blu-ray disc unit sales and the
dedicated blu-ray disc sales chart the
week ending september 11th
the four hours director's cut of justice
league distributed by warner brothers
home entertainment outsold the number
two title by a five to one margin so
there you have it the snyder cut is
pretty popular but we just need to be
positive in order for the snyder verse
to be restored
so i will leave the video there for
today i just wanted to say a big thank
you for all the support you guys have
been giving me recently i really do
appreciate it and i'll continue to do my
best in creating the best content i can
but that is all for today's video thank
you so much for watching please make
sure to like and subscribe and turn on
post notifications so you never miss a
video i hope to see you here again soon
so until then have a great day bye
[Music]
you